18/README.md, before:

2018 talks
==========

Date | Event | Location | Title
--- | --- | --- | ---
12.11 | [Biohackathon](http://bh2018paris.info/) | Paris, FR | [Galaxy training material](11_12_biohackathon)
29.11 | [Basel Computational Biology Seminar](https://www.biozentrum.unibas.ch/news-events/events/seminar-series/basel-computational-biology-seminar-series-spring-2018-bc2/) | Basel, CH | [The daily life of a bioinformatician: multi-faceted computational analysis of a biological system](10_29_comp_sys_bio_seminar)
27.06 | [GCC/BOSC](https://gccbosc2018.sched.com/) | Portland, US | [A fruitful year for the Galaxy Training materials](06_27_gcc)
07.06 | ["How to make training FAIR" workshop](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wrKUyD_GSq1HakpaOpU8u7KOReBk4S6BpYFDBziaBN0/edit?usp=sharing) @ [ELIXIR All Hands meeting](https://www.elixir-europe.org/events/elixir-all-hands-2018) | Berlin, Germany | [Community-Driven Training by the Galaxy Training Network](18/06_07_elixir_ahm)
30.05 | [CarpentryCon](http://www.carpentrycon.org/) | Dublin, Ireland | [Community-Driven Training for Biological Data Analysis with the Galaxy Training Network](06_30_carpentry_con)
03.05 | Backofen lab meeting | Freiburg, Germany | [Germs, age and gender matter! At least in mouse microglya](05_03_backofen_lab)
04.04 | [Galaxy Africa](http://galaxyafrica.sanbi.ac.za/) | Cape Town, South Africa | [Community-driven training for biological data analysis with the Galaxy Training Network](04_04_galaxy_africa)
16.03 | Galaxy User Conference | Freiburg, Germany | [The Galaxy Training Network](03_16_galaxy_user_conf)
12.02 | 33rd TBI Winterseminar | Bled, Slovenia | [Building an open, collaborative, online infrastructure for bioinformatics training](02_12_bled)

Commit message:

Add slides for training talk at EGD 2018

18/README.md, after:

2018 talks
==========

Date | Event | Location | Title
--- | --- | --- | ---
20.11 | [European Galaxy Days](https://galaxyproject.org/events/2018-europe-dev/) | Freiburg, Germany | [Update on the Galaxy Training Network](18/11_20_egd)
12.11 | [Biohackathon](http://bh2018paris.info/) | Paris, FR | [Galaxy training material](11_12_biohackathon)
29.11 | [Basel Computational Biology Seminar](https://www.biozentrum.unibas.ch/news-events/events/seminar-series/basel-computational-biology-seminar-series-spring-2018-bc2/) | Basel, CH | [The daily life of a bioinformatician: multi-faceted computational analysis of a biological system](10_29_comp_sys_bio_seminar)
27.06 | [GCC/BOSC](https://gccbosc2018.sched.com/) | Portland, US | [A fruitful year for the Galaxy Training materials](06_27_gcc)
07.06 | ["How to make training FAIR" workshop](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wrKUyD_GSq1HakpaOpU8u7KOReBk4S6BpYFDBziaBN0/edit?usp=sharing) @ [ELIXIR All Hands meeting](https://www.elixir-europe.org/events/elixir-all-hands-2018) | Berlin, Germany | [Community-Driven Training by the Galaxy Training Network](18/06_07_elixir_ahm)
30.05 | [CarpentryCon](http://www.carpentrycon.org/) | Dublin, Ireland | [Community-Driven Training for Biological Data Analysis with the Galaxy Training Network](06_30_carpentry_con)
03.05 | Backofen lab meeting | Freiburg, Germany | [Germs, age and gender matter! At least in mouse microglya](05_03_backofen_lab)
04.04 | [Galaxy Africa](http://galaxyafrica.sanbi.ac.za/) | Cape Town, South Africa | [Community-driven training for biological data analysis with the Galaxy Training Network](04_04_galaxy_africa)
16.03 | Galaxy User Conference | Freiburg, Germany | [The Galaxy Training Network](03_16_galaxy_user_conf)
12.02 | 33rd TBI Winterseminar | Bled, Slovenia | [Building an open, collaborative, online infrastructure for bioinformatics training](02_12_bled)
